Logic Circuits 
Due to the scarcity of professionals who master the basic concepts of digital computing, the mining
company Miner Barro contacted Unicesumar in search of interns to assist in the construction
and maintenance of some logic circuits. You have applied for the vacancy available, stating in your
resume that you have mastered the construction of circuits with logic gates.
During your early days, you underwent brief training on how the mining company works. His supervisor
explained that there is a process of refinement of ores extracted from a river, which takes into account
different equipment and machinery.
Basically, there is a system that captures muddy water and pumps this raw material to the refining
station using a pressurized air pump. After that, a series of robots equipped with sensors and actuators
perform the process of sorting and separating waste and waste.
Once you have the desired ore, it is poured into a high-temperature boiler, in which there is a proximity
sensor that prevents employees from getting too close for safety reasons. Due to the high temperatures used in the mining process, the mining company has a fire prevention system.
Therefore, there is an employee who manually checks the following conditions every 4 hours, as the mining
company can only operate if all conditions are met:
1) In order for the pressurizer and the air pump to work, there must be sufficient electrical energy (E)
or the combustion energy generator (G) is turned on. It is not permissible that both electricity is
available and the combustion generator is operating simultaneously. That is, only one of them should be
available for financial reasons.
2) In addition to the existence of energy (through the electrical network, or through combustion), the
electrical switch (C) must be connected. Therefore, the electric switch determines when the pump and
pressurizer, as well as the actuators and sensors, are in operation.
3) Finally, both the fire alarm and the proximity sensors must be connected via the respective switch (I).
Knowing this, as a proactive intern, you must develop a circuit with logic gates that simulate the
automation of conditions that would currently be checked manually. For this, you should consider that:
E: it is the input signal related to the availability of electrical energy from the electrical network;
G: is the input signal that indicates whether the combustion generator is connected or not;
C: it is the input signal related to the activation of the pump key, pressurizer, sensors and actuators
of the mining process;
I: is the input signal that indicates whether the proximity and fire sensors are on;
S: it is the exit signal that indicates that the mining operation can proceed normally, as long as we
have energy, the key is activated and the senders are operational.
Remember that logic value 1 (true / on) corresponds to the activation of the respective input / output
signal. In addition, logic value 0 (false/off) corresponds to the absence of a signal.
Thus, the student is asked to elaborate (design) the logic circuit listing all the inputs, output, the
logic gates used, as well as the existing connections necessary for the circuit to function
as explained above, in addition to presenting the logic circuit the student must prepare the truth
table corresponding to the logical expression that represents the circuit designed. In order for your
activity to be corrected, send a PDF file containing the circuit image and the truth table, containing
all inputs and outputs, as requested by the statement.





